Templates (#856)
casper-network/docs: .github/templates/overview-template.md

<!-- This is a template for any "Overview" page. It helps us keep the reader experience consistent. -->

> <!-- An "Overview" page is used to tie multiple topics together in a subsection of the docs. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- An "Overview" page ties multiple topics together in a subsection of the docs. -->
```

> <!-- It can be used at any nested level in the docs where there is an "Overview" page. Delete any sections you feel aren't relevant. -->

Reviewer: Let's specify when an overview is needed: to tie multiple topics together in a subsection of the docs.

# Overview

## What is X?

The main content of this page: include an overview of this section (all pages nested with and underneath this Overview) and replace "X" with the subject. This is especially useful for newer or less experienced developers, who might still be building a mental model.

> ## Quick links

Reviewer: We usually capitalize all words in first and second-level headers. If we want to change this, the docs need to be updated.

```suggestion
## Quick Links
```

Users might already know where they want to go. To save time, include a list here to popular pages.

> ## Related links

Reviewer: I would keep only one section with links, for simplicity, and remove this second "Related Links" section.

> Users might already know where they want to go. To save time, include a list here to popular pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users might already know where they want to go. To save time, include a list here of popular pages.
```
